Helm can use revision tags (#10112)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/helm/index.md

    $ kubectl delete namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Uninstall revision tags

If you decide to rollback to the old control plane, instead of completing the canary upgrade,

> you can uninstall the canary revision using `istioctl x uninstall --revision=canary`.

Reviewer: Is there a requirement to use `istioctl` here?

Author: No. Added `helm template | kubectl delete` instructions

    $ kubectl delete namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> ## Uninstall revision tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstall stable revision label resources

```

> If you decide to continue using the old control plane, instead of completing the upgrade,

Reviewer 2: > you can uninstall the newer revision using

nit: this doesn't uninstall the revision, just the tag?

Reviewer 3: Another nit, we should say "revision tag" instead of label?

Author: The header for all instances refers to `revision labels` in both the canary and helm portions. This was not changed. Updated the docs to reference the tag only. The user must then perform an uninstall.

> If you decide to rollback to the old control plane, instead of completing the canary upgrade,
> you can uninstall the canary revision using `istioctl x uninstall --revision=canary` or
> `helm template istiod manifests/charts/istio-control/istio-discovery -s templates/revision-tags.yaml --set revisionTags={prod-stable} --set revision=canary -n istio-system | kubectl delete -f -`.
> 
> However, in this case you must first reinstall the gateway(s) for the previous revision manually,
> because the uninstall command will not automatically revert the previously in-place upgraded ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide to continue using the old control plane, instead of completing the upgrade,
you can uninstall the newer revision using `istioctl x uninstall --revision=canary` or
`helm template istiod manifests/charts/istio-control/istio-discovery -s templates/revision-tags.yaml --set revisionTags={prod-stable} --set revision=canary -n istio-system | kubectl delete -f -`.

However, in this case you must first reinstall the gateway(s) for the previous revision manually,
because the uninstall command will not automatically revert the previously in-place upgraded ones.
```

Reviewer: I'm confused about these commands and why should we mention `istioctl x uninstall` command here?

    $ kubectl delete namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Uninstall stable revision label resources

> If you decide to continue using the old control plane, instead of completing the upgrade,

Reviewer 4: Should this say update instead of upgrade?

Author: Fixed

you can uninstall the newer revision and its tag by first issuing
`helm template istiod manifests/charts/istio-control/istio-discovery -s templates/revision-tags.yaml --set revisionTags={prod-canary} --set revision=canary -n istio-system | kubectl delete -f -`.

> You must them uninstall the version of Istio that it pointed to by following the uninstall procedure above.

Reviewer 4: c/version/revision?

Author: fixed
